You
Watching here for some registration that everything is working there we go
I see somebody in the chat great give me a second here is this okay two three
does that look okay give me some kind of sound check ladies and gentlemen
Professor Binder is tomorrow tomorrow at the same time tomorrow yes tomorrow
tomorrow is Thomas Binder good good good here we go here we go here we go
don't forget to register at broken science dot org five by five good to see
Andy
don't forget you can go and watch it at stream dot giga home dot bio you'll be
about 30 seconds behind which means technically speaking it won't be news
anymore but it would be great if somebody would at least check to see if
it's working there I should also be available now on YouTube and I'd
rumble if anybody wants to go do that and you know get a star from the teacher
that would be a worst case
yeah I missed that yesterday I was so I was so annoyed that I didn't see that I
got the email of course and I just totally spaced I missed Mr. Sparkles and
that was a it was probably a good chat if you got notes on what he asked feel
free to send them to me in the chatter in an email because I wouldn't mind
knowing I can probably find that video but it won't be upright away that's the
problem I think truth is good for kids we're so busy lying we don't even
recognize the truth no more than society we want everybody to feel good
that's not that's not the way life is but you can tell if someone's lying you
know you can sort of feel it and people and I have lied I'm sure I'll lie again
I don't want to lie you know I don't think I'm a liar I try not to be a liar I
don't want to be a liar I think it's like really important not to be a liar
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic stop lying
hmm if that is happening and more people notice that let me know and I'll get to
Emily and see what's up with that this is so crazy I feel so nervous like what
you know what happened there didn't have that queued up correctly somehow
don't try to fool around with the colors a little bit see if the slides
become a little more visible for our mobile humanoids people looking on
smaller screens need a little more contrast so I have been advised that
maybe we should try something different some tweaking things a little bit hopefully
I won't hurt anyone's eyes if you can follow me for a while you're here at the
top of the way where we are staying focused on the biology we are definitely
not taking debate on TV and social media and we are certainly loving our
neighbors the way this works is that there are some very generous people who
have decided to subscribe to my sub stack or to my website have just
donated money some people have even sent checks and this just keeps the the meal
turning and a lot of people a lot of people like Suf spider and other spend
time sharing my work Pamela shares my work and it really gets far and that's
how this thing works we are based at GigaOMbiological.com but we have kind of
spread out now a little bit we have this new thing going that's based at GigaOM.bio
and stream.gigaOM.bio and those are our federated sort of our own versions of
social media without all the algorithms it's just us as a little group we are
now on four street or four places simultaneously and we have everything
just a little bit more organized so that it's good and easy for people to
help that want to help and those that have taken that step already are listed
here some of these people to get listed first are there because they've made a
donation or sent a check and not subscribed and I don't I don't want to
leave anybody out of this the only people that I can't really list are on my
sub stack the people that subscribe to that sub stack is a weird thing like
that I'm gonna look into it I don't know if everybody on sub stack wants to be
listed and when you subscribe on the website I can just kind of assume you
don't mind your name being here and if you did you would say it in an email some
people have and they're they're listed as pseudonyms or they're listed as funny
names or just initials because this is the independent bright web we don't
have corporate sponsors we aren't taking money from anybody but people that are
parents teachers plumbers what have you and I just got to check this to see
what the heck this is I think this video is gonna stop for a second and I'm gonna
close this because I don't think okay that's great I am happy about that okay
here we go go back to this series set I had to check that email I apologize yeah
this is the independent bright web it's funded by people like you I am
literally just a guy in the back of his garage in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania rents
his house from one of these these weird organizations that's you know loosely
it's like an LLC and it's tied to a couple big piles of money that of course
ultimately are just praying on the change and mortgage rates and the low
rates that were around you know when was it even a year ago you could still get
a mortgage for zero this whole illusion is sustained through your active
participation if you believe that this is just a bunch of random processes that
determines the fact that these prices are going up if you think that all this
stuff that's happening in Ukraine is total chaos and we're just trying to
respond to it that I'm afraid you are part of this you know entrapped you are
entrapped in this idea that the truth is available on television that the truth
is available on social media as long as you skillfully use television as long
as you skillfully used social media you can get at the truth is the fundamental
illusion it's the fundamental illusion that they don't want us to they don't
want us to dispel and unfortunately for me in order for this illusion to really
crack it didn't it didn't even really crack during 9-11 and after even though
I was definitely aware of the fact that whatever was told to us in the mainstream
media whatever they agreed upon on talk shows was not what happened who they
said was behind it was not who was behind it but it still didn't dawn on me
that this was actually a a collective limited spectrum of reality basically
that that is wholly constructed by a group of people that agree on the story
and if you have a group of people that agree on the story and study it and
understand it but then also as Karl Rove said intimately understand their
role in crafting it in the first place I think Karl Rove I don't have the quote
but Karl Rove sorry this is Giga oh and biological a high-resistance low noise
information stream brought to you by a biologist my name is Jonathan Cooey
you're coming to you live from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania at 124 in the
afternoon I'm gonna try and come to you more often in the afternoon because it
gives me more time where I am least committed to my family and most able to
spend as much time and energy on this and at the same time take at least away
from my family which right now as you can probably imagine is in need of of
both parents as we we I don't know canoe through this these rapids it is I always
a place to start when I say I'm human just like you I wore my old hat today
that I used to wear all the time in Norway and I was actually a picture that
I use a lot that's going around where I'm wearing a it's a alpine low or
something like that fleece but it's black and it's this hat I'm making like
Mr. Burns hands and I've used that a lot because it's one of these things it was
on a website in Norway and it's it's a picture that was taken on a white
background by some photographer right before the Moses won the Nobel Prize
they were thinking already that they might win it and so they were already
the Institute was already you know getting their act together on the website
and and you know doing the things you do when you're becoming a very successful
Institute like they were anyway long story short I wore this hat because I
found it while I was cleaning stuff up and I thought it was funny and I didn't
take it off I apologize so this way out biology yes and we are I guess this is
just going to be a thing where we're going to try and we're going to try and
broadcast as often as we can as long as we have something useful to say I think
on Wednesdays or on Thursdays depending on how we we manage the schedule tomorrow
I have the honor of interviewing Dr. Thomas Binder from Switzerland many of
you will know him from social media as a early outspoken critic of the whole
concept of a pandemic he's a cardiologist and maybe even a respiratory
physiologist over there and I think that's going to be really fun and so
depending on when we have interviews when I can schedule them Wednesday or
Thursday I'm going to try and go use one day to go back in time look at an old
video and see if we can see how clearly it is that they have been laying down
this narrative of possibility laying down this concept of pandemic potential
that's never really manifest and in fact in all the examples that they use that
purport to show us this potential these are absolute opposite they're the
example of the exact opposite where despite the expectations you know it
doesn't really go that far and it does hurt people but whatever these
phenomenon are it is not something that yeah that requires much how can I say
it it doesn't require much substantiation so long as these five people on the
panel all agree that that is a danger and that we don't have to debate it and
instead we should ask these questions about that assumption and that is the
trick that I've been trying to convey with this idea that we have been tricked
into solving a mystery we've been made to feel as though we are sleuths solving
a mystery on coming to understand it ourselves despite what the ruling
class would like us to know despite what the ruling class would like us to think
we've figured it out that they covered it up and I've been trying to explain
that as a as a very I think useful technique for understanding or a useful
analogy for understanding how it is that they got all of us on the red side and
on the blue side on the labor and on the Tories or whatever it is whatever country
you're in these what should be arguing factions have sort of come together to
accept the fact that there was a novel virus that appeared in 2020 that was
really a mystery as to where it came from and I think that the sort of 50 50 or
51 49 consensus is that it probably came from a lab and it's not controversial on
either side of the debate to have that opinion and that's where you need to
really rub your chin and be like okay so how did we get here again and and and
assume that it's by design because that is how we are being governed and once
you see it that way and you understand that all of these people are in on it
then by the pretense itself once you are you know this is my control group badge
but if let's say you know okay here you go Jonathan here's your badge and now
that you have this and you're in on the little secret you know like on the
Simpsons where you get the the car you park underneath the parking garage and
it's super nice and you take an elevator somewhere else and all this other stuff
what were they called the the it was not the Freemasons but it was what were they
called does somebody know when you know and you type it into the chat I'm gonna
be very angry and happy at you at the same time the stonemasons that's what
they were called anyway and you didn't get it in the chat in time or he once you
get in is sort of involved in this stone cutters oh we got it oh dang it
that's right so once you got involved or once you get involved and if it's in
the national security way or I don't know it's a secret society I don't give a
darn what it is there could be lots of different schemes by which they make
people really believe they are members of a club and once you believe like I
think Mandy of the CDC believes that she is a member of a club you will you
will spout lies confidently knowing that all those people back there are gonna
back you and it's all because you've been made to believe that the badge that
you've been given or the you know the position that you've been given the
business cards you've been given the meetings you've been in the hands you've
shaken you believe that and by all means I am arguing that our bureaucracy is
controlled by people who are either simple enough or are complacent enough
or are willing to toe this you know look away doctrine where you don't know what's
happening over there and it doesn't matter because you know it's for the
greater good you know they the ends justify the means and that's how they
do it some people need a badge some people need rank some people need I don't
know I guess psychedelics in a podcast some people need I don't know but we are
being manipulated by this mechanism and this mechanism is not simple it is made
up of people people that are willing to coordinatedly create the illusion of
reality that is useful to their people above them and even if they are you
know all they did was agree to talk about bears and nothing else let's just say
that for example let's just pull that out of nowhere and say that somebody from
2021 until basically now whenever they make an appearance they don't talk about
much else other than bears there's sort of an invited expert on bears and then
you have another person who since about 2021 has only been talking about Ivermectin
and nothing else then you have another one since 2021 is really only been talking
about the mRNA technology and the shot and then you have somebody else since
2021 that's only been talking about hydroxychloroquine and then you have
another person and so none of those people are able to integrate across the
whole story none of those people are talking about protocols being particularly
deadly or raising all cause mortality in a way that might confuse some people
nobody's talking about what the financial incentives to call anything
covid did including you know the protocols stick to it and there's no
malpractice what what in the world can you conclude from that pattern other
than to say that we are being controlled and manipulated by these people who are
very carefully not questioning the cardinal narrative of a novel virus that
killed millions that millions more were saved from the likely kind of game from
function came from gain of function and will come again it has to be it's the
only real logical conclusion to come to otherwise all of these people would
eventually sing in harmony instead of forming these kind of spontaneous
rivalries that don't really matter because their rivalries that don't
question the cardinal you know the the main idea that they are trying to entrap
our children with this mythology of a novel virus that was on somebody's shoe
as they walked out of the laboratory and then they went to a wet market it got
in a puddle underneath the raccoon dogs cage which was then butchered and sold
distributed as meat on the street and then all these people got sick and then
it went boom all around the world on an airplane traveling thing for New
Year's
I think these people were put in place before the pandemic and it frustrates me
a lot that I can't adequately convey how important that is to understand because
it it it so nicely expands the scope already of the operation to understand
how long these people have known that something was going to happen how long
they have known maybe not something was going to happen but they were already
involved in the things that were happening they were already thinking
like Karl Rove thinks which is you have to understand that we create history and
then you you know study it you study what we did you try to figure out what we
did and why we did and that's that's historians discovering history but we
are history that's what something like that Karl Rove said and I think that
that's what these people believe and it sounds crazy but that's the reason why
the press secretary of the United States president right now can go on the
camera and say that she herself is a historic figure and I think that's
really where you see how we've all because so much of how we think of our
place in the world rather than with humility and reverence we we we think
of ourselves as primal or or whatever the right word is you know central
everything orbits around around us and that creates a very different kind of
society that is very much more chaotic and unmoored than anything that any any
religion crazy or not would create in my imagination we're really we're really
at the precipice here where for some reason we don't understand that this
car is careening out of control some people just seem to think that everything is
fine and it's definitely not and COVID really brought that into focus no one
can exercise informed consent anymore because very few people can adequately
describe reality and why they object to you know this going forward because
their description the description of reality that they would that they would
recite would be pretty far off from what reality actually is think about the
average persons right now the skilled TV watcher the skilled social media
user never followed or even heard of this movement of people that just
thinks anti-vaxxers are crazy and that's really all they've ever thought about
think about what their model of disease in the world is think about what their
model of why they have to wash their hands is think about their model of it's
spectacular think about that little girl on the on the on the couch right
here those how many of those people do you see when you go to Costco how many
of those people do you see when you go to Giant Eagle how many of those people do
you see when you go to H.E.B. that are just absolutely scientific questions I
think are very hard to get a handle on and the reason for this is that in late
modernity which we're living in there's simply too much knowledge for any
individual human to understand and so you know and so the the and so in this
world of extreme hyperspecialization where it's narrower and narrower
subsets of experts policing themselves and talking about how great they are
the string theorists talking about how great string theory is the cancer
researchers talking about how they're just about to cure cancer the quantum
computer researchers are just about to build you know quantum computer there
will be a massive breakthrough and then if you were to say that all these fields
not much is happening people just don't have the authority for this and this is
somehow a very different feel for science or knowledge than you would have
had in 1800 or even in 1900 you know 1800 Goethe could still understand just
about everything where 1900 Hilbert could still understand just about all of
mathematics and and so the sort of the sort of specialization I think has
made it a much harder question to get a handle on now one of the things I would
like to drop in here sorry is that yesterday when I was talking to Matt
Briggs I wasn't I didn't get to this slide but I had it queued up and I kind
of just got into the conversation a little too much to I didn't have a real
plan on a no-card which maybe I should have had but I kind of thought I was
going to go back to the slide set and I didn't I think it was because I
chickened out on the timing I wanted it to be you know recorded long enough so
I made a little mistake there because this this little piece with Peter Thiel
is so cool it's so important to see it because what he's saying here is both
truthful and disingenuous at the same time it's disingenuous because of the
words he chooses but if you understand what I think is the truth then you can
hear the truth in what he says and so you know given that they could have a
reflective conversation after this where it could be clarified or that they had
a reflective conversation before this before they had this meeting then when
they speak of things like knowledge it will be really easy to hear this for
what it is he's he's bamboozling the the skilled social media user who thinks
that knowledge is knowledge and when he says hyperspecialization creates all
this knowledge and then we can't understand because there's too many
specialties it just it makes perfect sense to the gas station attendant it
makes perfect sense to the to the high schooler that's that's working at at
Wendy's before they go off to college next year and they think wow I really
understand this guy and this makes perfect sense but to the to the stone
cutters in the audience they could actually hear this to a stone cutter they
hear wow so he's just admitting that that what we do in academia is is we
foist all of these untested unproven models that have never been verified
onto people so that they're absolutely juggling models of reality in every
little corner of their world and by taking knowledge and dividing it into
ever smaller academic fields we have been able to take reality of people and
essentially replace all of what might be common sensical interpretation of
reality with untested unverified models which purport to recapitulate
reality but actually don't and leave you vulnerable for misinterpreting what's
going on and more importantly not understanding at all what's really
happening and I think that's where we are I think that's why there are many
people in academia who are still savable because they probably have felt
this their whole career this extreme incongruence between the way that
funding is doled out the way that grant applications are evaluated the way
that that no hypotheses are used to create the illusion of progress and
understanding the way that significance is used as a substitution for for
verification and now I'm just starting to work with this toolkit so I'm gonna
make some mistakes but I do think that conceptually speaking I've got a pretty
good handle on where we're gonna try and go with this and it I think it's a
really really good goal to trying to get young high school kids to understand
this fundamental reasoning problem that has plagued academic science for many
decades now and when abused when used disingenuously or used irresponsibly or
ignorantly so that means you might not know that you you've been a part of this
machine you might be like me and at least in retrospect I don't think we did
terrible science the trouble is is that we were still very much trying to
understand a very complex thing and trying to keep up with people who were
doing this stuff and so I have a model in my paper but the model does explain the
pattern and make predictions that have so far come true so that's also
interesting right it does it does suggest that that there is science out
there to be found which legitimately purports to test a model use a model to
make predictions that are then tested by making measurements and and that I
think is is what we might see as the goal with this stream is to identify you
know science that does that and maybe more importantly use the science that
doesn't as examples and throw these examples out there weekly so that we can
see these papers for what they are we can identify what is the model that
they're playing with what is the model that the question purports so that's
something that I was writing down earlier and that is by accepting their
questions as relevant we unconsciously assume the models made implicit by the
question does that make sense by accepting their questions as relevant we
unconsciously assume the models made implicit by the question so if you do
it right the enchantment works really well basically you ask a question and by
the person listening taking that question as being valuable then the model of
reality implied by the question is accepted by the person who thinks about
the question that's how I'm envisioning I'm imagining that this enchantment goes
and so I'm I haven't gotten to the point where I got a lot of great examples but
where did this virus come from is a question that when you start answering
it in your head your brain already has to build the cognitive infrastructure if
you will that will support the reality where there is a virus and it came from
somewhere and then if you're also supplied with reasonable possibilities
then those also fall neatly into the little cognitive model that your brain
automatically makes in order to understand the question and that's what I
think is really cool about this little idea here where did the virus come from
what is the model is implied well the model that's implied is pandemic
potential it's gain a function potential it's viral spread its viruses are
dangerous I still have a call but it's mostly because I'm not drinking I'm
just talking talking so think of it this way what question could we formulate in
order to imply the model that autism is genetic like a question like what
genes can be correlated with autism might already imply that autism is
caused by genes and so if you put out a grant call that says what genes can be
correlated with autism or we are looking for trying to identify genes
something like that here already by getting those academic scientists to
process that question and to produce you know a whole grant proposal based on
that question you have already gotten them they have to cognitively they must
assume this this basic model and that is they have to consider okay so if it's
if it's genetic then how am I gonna go about figuring that out see that's the
whole point and so the magic is not what they tell you it's the magic of what
they get you to ask and Mark has said this really well from the opposite side
which is also why this clicked so well in my head just now is that Mark has
often said they get us to ask the wrong questions and that's what's the beauty
of it when you ask the wrong questions and what do you do you actually
subconsciously you accept the model of reality that is implicit in the
question what gender is my child there it is it's implicit in the question oh
my gosh do you see it and so if you play along with that then you've
automatically accepted that model of reality and that model is what gets gets
foisted on you when somebody gets you to ask the right question I know it's
nothing more than narrative shaping but it's narrative shaping not by telling
you stories like like this guy's talking it's by getting tricking us into
asking the wrong questions and that's magic I think it's really cool I'm sorry
but you can tell and they do it with lying you know you can sort of feel it
in people and I have lied I'm sure I'll lie again I don't want to lie you know
I don't think I'm a liar I try not to be a liar I don't want to be a liar and so
now listen to the second part of Peter Thiel's statement right the political
cut I have on the specialization is always that that if you analyze the
politics of science the specialization should make you suspicious it should
because it's gotten harder to evaluate what's going on and it's presumably got
an easier for people to lie and to exaggerate and then one should be you
know a little bit suspicious and that's that's that's sort of my starting my
starting bias and so there he just says it right out flat he just says that you
can lie because the specialization allows it and there's no incentive to call
people out on it the incentive is to be nice the incentive is to let everybody
have their own little model of reality that they get to test out into you know
nicotinic acetylcholine receptors are important for attention and so then the
whole model of attention is wherever acetylcholine receptors are then that
must be where we have to study them because they're involved in attention
because people pay attention better when they smoke cigarettes and nicotine
stimulates acetylcholine receptors think about that that's not a terrible model
of how how attention could be regulated in part by acetylcholine but once you
start spinning that wheel and always grabbing it on those those three
handholds that have it becomes unbreakable that that no hypothesis is
always the same straw man as as Matt Briggs described it yesterday which no
one ever described it to me as before but it is and if somebody had told me that
a long time ago I think formulating grant proposals would have been a lot
easier for me unfortunately but I still had this idea that the no hypothesis had
to be some useful already understood thing that you were trying to change
into the new thing yeah it's tough it's it's a real interesting place that
we're in and I do think that one of the the key ways to to formulate this in a
nutshell oops I wanted to do this and this was supposed to be off did you see
that I can put that chat up there now Jessica was in there last night and it
was up there is anybody on there now can anybody chat now yay got my star for
the day is that you okay good that's great so I do think these are a good way
to start I do think these things still really are some succinct ways of getting
people to think about them in the right way ask the biggest questions that they
can ask because the spread I have bad ideas has always been scarier than the
spread of any RNA molecule tonight today
I have this little thing here we are gonna do a way back movie this afternoon I
think it's two o'clock I think I've got time I don't have to go to basketball
till four and I'm calling it way back Wednesday because it's Wednesday and it
would be normally throwback Thursday or something like that so we're calling
it way back Wednesday and I'm gonna escape out of here and I'm gonna put this up
wait where did it go oh I didn't turn hold on one second
that's it great and I gotta set it up hold on I thought I had this already
queued up my bad but I think I know what's it at 1.39 perfect here we go
pause it sorry Goofy's my fault here comes see me oh no you don't see me there
you see me here we go this is a movie that was on CNN in 2017 believe it or
not 2017 I'm running it at 1.4 speed in case anybody has any trouble with it I
apologize we can't possibly watch it at regular speed it's an hour and 37 minutes
if I'm gonna stop it at all we'll be there too long thank you very much for
joining me 62 humans plus more I guess on other platforms fingers crossed I just
don't want to open all of those other things I don't have my my sidekicks here
anybody to help me let me go full-screen with this
they signed Jacob does a health warning following a worldwide outbreak of a
mysterious form of pneumonia you can take just virus cells kill me I'm gonna
figure out how to get those chats to come over here I just haven't gotten to it
there's a couple different ways to do it but I haven't figured it out
promise I'm working out of the H1N1 swine flu outbreak spread widely and cannot
be contained in the pandemic must be taken seriously a big outbreak of a deadly
Ebola virus has killed all the Ebola outbreak that started the West African
country of Guinea has now spread people know nothing there's no kill they don't
have the resources to actually do that for life governments around the world
they're considering new measures happening from the New York City health
department temperature reading from last night the U.S. Department of Agriculture
confirmed another case of bird flu one and a half million state turkeys have
been killed to prevent the spread of it is really critical that being controlled
you have to respond to the challenge three latest victims of the new respiratory
virus called MERS have come from Middle Eastern countries they believe it
originated in bats or camel causes pneumonia and rapid kidney failure as a
Zika virus continues to affect people across the globe
the unseen enemy wow nice I forgot that that was the name of it it just
is stored in 2017 CNN hard drive you can almost hear the biological chatter
ha it's like a low-run job in science we're supposed to make a safer we suddenly
seem more vulnerable to outbreaks
but we like it or not I will this globalizing okay maybe I'll slowly true for
markets and for production but it's also true for behaviors for diseases so
because of our mobility secondly we are far more people and we're also living
more and more in very crowded cities that's fantastic from the perspective of
a virus because in no time it can infect hundreds of thousands of people over
the last three decades they've been about 30 newly emerging diseases that have the
potential to 30 times you've heard nothing it's not a matter if there will be
what look at that did you see who that is it can infect hundreds of thousands of
people
over the last three decades have been about 30 newly emerging diseases that have
the potential to be pandemics who's that guy Larry brilliant epidemiologist the
hell is that all about wait till you see this I'm just gonna do Larry brilliant
on you on Wikipedia watch this you know who he is anyone you're not gonna
believe it if you don't know it's pretty impressive here it comes
no don't do that goofy stuff he is an American epidemiologist technologist
philanthropist and author who worked with their huge World Health Organization
from 73 to 76 to help sell successfully eradicate smallpox he's a patent
holder and was the inaugural director of google.org the charitable arm of
Google he's related to the school foundation which is one of the primary
funders of the UPS news hour I mean it's just extraordinary down here you will
see that he said after the swine flew outbreak in 2011 that's the one that
that Mark von Rancz from the from Belgium oversaw and then gave a
presentation about the Chatham House that I've shown a couple times expressed
concern that the public was not suitably concerned by the threat posed by
infectious diseases this led brilliant and several colleagues contributing to
the creation of the film contagion and then he gave a commencement speech at
the Harvard School of Public Health I mean are you kidding me that's the guy
who made a movie in 2017 as an epidemiologist
yeah on CNN okay it's not a matter if there will be a global pandemic
matter when and which virus and how bad the world changes around us at
increasing speed we cause a lot of that change migrating to cities stripping
the earth of its resources and altering primeval jungle we are seeing whole
entire ecologies is this you can see with your eye and that which you can only see
with a microscope one system after another oh Gary look at that oh my gosh
she's been there for so long for its opportunities for viruses and bacteria
to seek out new home do you remember how important she was on Twitter in 2020
like this lady was out there early on spokesperson extraordinaire almost as
mouthy as the person who moved from Georgetown to Saskatchewan named this
was oh my gosh a rasmus or whatever wow almost caused new havoc including
disease for human beings when contagion happens life alters in an
instant Daniel Hayes I actually believe that the Revolutionary War was not one
by us and that we didn't actually escape I don't I don't I think that's
actually probably true and yeah I I don't know I I think at this stage we
just have to assume that we don't know anything about about real history I
mean you know I just think you have to assume that we don't feel safe we lose
trust
fear spreads very quickly when you have an infectious disease outbreak
communication is so much more pervasive people know what's happening in another
part of the world so much more quickly so much more vividly than ever before so
the contagion of fear moves faster than the contagion of the pathogen the
disease itself and the fabric of society starts to deteriorate so what are they
doing there are they saying that that's what they want to happen or that's
what happens because when SARS was released and went around the world and
infected 10,000 people and I guess killed 700 it didn't tear the fabric of
society mirrors didn't tear the fabric of society did polio tear the fabric of
society back in the 50s I don't think it did especially since we definitely
know that DDT was being used back then but nobody blamed that for anything I
mean it's just bizarre right it's bizarre how when you look back on it how
can you not see this as propaganda this is not this is not us a film trying to
inform you about objective truths about nature even the music choice belies its
motives there's something that destroys the soul of a community
that happens when an epidemic is out of control it's not just the large number
of casualties in the death which are itself unthinkable but it's what it does
to us the social fabric of this is still Larry Brilliant driving around his car
telling stories we're in the car with Larry Brilliant and he's telling us
stories about what pandemics do to people is that weird or not how did I
choose that so well holy weird-owness the war lasted for 14 years I think this
is an Ebola doctor remember vividly everything I saw
sometimes you're playing at night when the place is dark you can see this
blood flying like boats of lightning across this car you physically see them
my father will bundle all of us up and we hear the opposite direction so he's
confusing war with no disease I come from this way because you hear the sound
coming and you see the soldiers going that way to go and fight it so you know
you have to go the other way so they're gonna confuse war and now look at Ebola
so how you want to protect yourself you have an enemy you cannot hide from you
cannot run from Ebola how come you never get it there where you want to go who
are you gonna run talk is it really so easy to approach Ebola you know like
just drive up and put some plastic on for a while and then take it off and you
don't get Ebola I mean I know it's supposed to be something different
Ebola is transmitted to what it affluence bodily fluids okay I got you
this is an invisible Ebola first surfaced in West Africa in a remote rural
community but in our increasingly connected world this is Morgan Freeman
stay in the countryside the virus quickly found its way this voice is like a low
rent Morgan Freeman it's so weird into the region's largest cities and health
systems that were completely unprepared I mean if I slowed it down to normal
speed it would be Morgan Freeman like a cheap version I got you there from
air school two years ago the reason why I'm here is by default because I was the
only one available nice boy these these bio-engineered viral particles are
pretty dangerous and I got one day training to get prepared for this
so you don't have to worry use your mission on August I want to end the
following morning your ambulances line up out of gifts and we potato true we're
not prepared before we then knew it we're already overwhelmed with so many
patients you should give me that or that impression I was in Hades because
it was a mixture structure the patients are vomiting leading and having
diarrhea on the floor and Morgan will see two three brothers I've already died
and the bodies are still there that would they remove her now one thing I find
interesting and I again what I'm what I want to start doing as an exercise in a
way of focusing and being objective is to ask this question out loud what model
of reality are they are they foisting on us here and the model of reality that
they seem to be foisting on us is that if you get Ebola it is devastating but
it's transmitted through bodily fluids so I guess they're vomiting on the floor
and stuff and so that vomit must have virus in it right and so it should be
relatively abundant in these patients and relatively abundant in their fluids
and therefore it should be quite easy to isolate to characterize yada yada yada
yet they never do it and this is the objection that these that these these
people that go all the way back to those that question the AIDS virus and the
the sort of narrative around that it's the same skepticism that applies here and it is
justified skepticism you just have to be aware of that and think about it about
the model that they're implying here so that you see where the skepticism comes
from and why it is is pretty well founded
now again don't get me wrong I'm not saying that there isn't an Ebola I'm
saying that it is likely that it didn't come from the bush meat that these
people ate or were exposed to that's not how it works Ebola might very well be
something that was was made manufactured cloned from the wild and then deployed
in the same place that they found it to see what it does
there's a million different explanations for it that don't involve some kind of
spectacular magic of a RNA virus that replicates with high fidelity and
and people just barely escape from having everybody you know
the story they will tell you is that airborne Ebola is the most
dangerous idea in the world and that if airborne Ebola was to get on an
airplane in land in New York City we would have a disaster
why do they tell that story why have they been telling that story
I would kind of at this point come to a reasonable conclusion that the reason
why they've been telling us that story specifically using New York
as an example is because they were planning to use New York as an
example and Jessica Hockett is is on it like a
hot knife through butter it's it's impossible not to see it
if you just look and then if you if you line up all the narratives that they've
told us before all the stories that they've told it's kind of weird right that
every time they bring up Ebola and then they talk about airborne Ebola
they talk about airborne Ebola in New York City
and how many people have you heard say that I've heard quite a few people
tell that exact exact set of hypotheticals in three days time
the entire unit was full meanwhile there was two patients within
outside again and they are begging every time we go to
the get their begging to come in there's a serious situation
we have 35 best they already have some of the one patients on the one
you don't have beds for you facing a group of people see that
that I'm totally down with I'm very down with the idea that this
could be an energy weapon or deployment of some other
toxin because again what are they doing they're
treating these patients they're not testing and characterizing and
culturing the virus and trying to see if they're related to each other
none of that's happening here you can see that right that's very clear
right these people could be could have been sprayed with or
exposed to anything and they're being treated like they have Ebola
their symptoms are similar trying to give them fluids antibiotics and other
medicines
and then it never ends and it never ends what
as you are walking out a new patient is walking in
and then when you go home and come back the following morning
they're selling it there for a night
what is the model of reality being implied here
keep asking that question
I think we all underestimate it absolutely everybody
I know that one case of Ebola is an emergency
every new case can give rise to more cases so it's really act now okay later
right now the World Health Organization and other doctors are saying it is out
of control so I do think that the the model of Ebola that's being implied
here is that Ebola has the potential to sustain itself
indefinitely and to circulate around the globe and it's only because
of a very firm and controlling response
that quarantines these people and gets them out of their villages and stops
the spread of the virus has that been so far avoided but
if that should happen that this is something that will kill
lots and lots of people that's what's being implied here and make no
mistake about it they have not shown you any evidence for that they haven't even
shown you evidence of it spreading anywhere
they just showing you a bunch of sick people and telling you that there's
more and there's more and there's more sick people so you could do that with
more and more deployment of something too
and so we've got to be very very careful here because we are being played
and we have to be very skeptical of the biology that we are being played with
I think this is one of the key one of the key angles that they use
mythology to to control us with in this area of West Africa is the worst
outbreak ever that they've recorded in this part of the world it's unprecedented
for several reasons one first time in West Africa that we have such an outbreak
secondly it is the first time that three countries are involved this is a Dutch
man you can hear it is accent I just say that because there is a
there is an interesting subculture of extremely rich right that we're
talking about here and there is a natalone's
connection there why is there a natalone's connection there because
the Dutch East Indies company was one of the first
weaponized piles of money and if you imagine the possibility that that
or descendants of it still exist and descendants of those families that
controlled those weaponized piles of money still exist
that's I believe what we're dealing with I don't know how many people or families
it is but we're talking about you just have to
imagine if you had a lot of money back then
and you were able to continue as like have a linked bloodline how much money
would you have now
that's what we're dealing with multi-generational wealth that is
basically completely under our radar as we have paid attention to Coca-Cola
and Walt Disney and that multi-generational wealth is now
as always competing for the control of the world but now
since the the theater is out in the open
since really anybody that's paying attention can figure out that Ukraine
isn't Ukraine and that Biden isn't Biden and the Trump isn't Trump and that
you know nobody is who they say they are if they're on TV
and they're they're all players
wrangling for increased ranked inside of this ruling class
once you realize that and we realize that you are not in that club and that's
why these people act so smug because they know they've got the badge
they've got the badge it's under their coat or it's it's in their pocket
the little challenge coin or whatever it is they were given
their little Freemason ring their their tattoo I don't know
maybe it's different for every group but whatever it is they all know they've
got a position on the hypothetical arc or a position in a bunker somewhere
whatever it is they've been told imagine how powerful it would be
if you took somebody to a elaborate underground base and said look there's
your name on the door if you join us if you do what you're told at least you
when the stuff really goes down you've got a place with us here
and then two weeks later they bring another dude downstairs and put his name
on that door and give him the same song and dance and now
suddenly you have a bunch of people that will do whatever you ask them to do
say whatever you need them to say on network news
think about how easy that is that's like a reality tv show weaponized
to rule a country but now for everybody they do it differently maybe they
do it with drugs in a camera with somebody with a girl in a camera with
somebody with with whatever in a camera with somebody
gambling you know you name it
just like you don't need one explanation to explain what happened around the
world during the pandemic they could have done it different in
England than they did it in America than they did it in
Australia than they did it in the Netherlands
and almost certainly they did
and when you watch a film like this and you hear a Dutch guy talking about
Ebola then you should see already that it's a very limited
connectivity pattern here
both and certainly it's the first time that we have outbreaks in
capitals in capitals this could explode into a really mega crisis
I think so and it is already a mega crisis I really thought how can this
epidemic be controlled in the usual way when there are so many
outbreaks different places the three countries in West Africa that
are affected by the Ebola outbreak have some of the worst health indicators
in the world they're not enough doctors they're not enough nurses
it is a system that is understaffed underfunded and where the infrastructure
is very very old
let's go back to 1976 when you were a younger man
and you actually co-discovered this virus it was in Zaire
now the Democratic Republic of the Congo and they said that there was a mysterious
epidemic this was very lethal high mortality there were
nuns who had died a small group would go to the mission where the
epidemic had started apparently they asked the volunteers and I think I was
about the first one to raise my hand
although I had absolutely zero experience in doing this
our mission was to one to put in place some basic measures to contain it
and using quarantine that's what we thought and
two to find out how is this transmitted because
that's the key to stop epidemics to know exactly what the risk is how is
it transmitted it's really a detective work
so we tested whole villages talk to the population
and then have a very primitive questionnaire
how old where have they been have they traveled
and so you could imagine that there were very few survivors
very few and then you can imagine a scenario then
keep in mind where this guy is unwittingly taking part in this to a
certain extent because he has been asked by his grant
committee or by his his grant funding agency
to learn how come up with strategies to
answer the question of how is this virus transmitted
and so because he is interested in the answer to that question
he will participate gladly in this what he sees as a scientific endeavor to
try and understand how this virus is transmitted
he has already accepted the existence of the virus
he's already accepted its origin must be just nature
or that that's not a question that he's being paid to ask
and so a combination of getting people to focus on just one
question rather than bigger questions just this one
and making their salary and livelihood dependent on it their fame and
fortune their status dependent on it a film
see it
indeed the so what we call case fatality rate
was over 90 percent
nearly all of us come from animals made we're also an animal we're
touching the fish but she didn't eat it so during the outbreak we started
collecting samples from all kinds of animals
and even to blood from pigs because a number of pigs had died
at the beginning of the epidemic so we said you never know
but we didn't find it and why did they think that the virus would be in the
blood
isn't that a giant assumption and how are they testing for it
what do you think
I almost bet dollars to donuts they were testing for antibodies to it
what do you think about them apples
they could have been doing PCR but I don't know maybe they did maybe they
did that let's let maybe he'll say it
any trace of Ebola my boss at the time the fan battalion had always told me
watch out for the for the bats and it became a bit of a joke
but the old man was right because the only reservoir that we think
were Ebola's hiding are some kind of food eating bats
oh here we go on a bike it's George Gao on a bike nice
GC on a bike yo look at that I gotta go back to GC on a bike
that's GC on a bike look at GC on a bike
I really like to read all these you know science fixings
I realize science really fantastic fantastic something new
oh so this is why I'm working on the emerging or emerging bacteria and
viruses I think for the Ebola when you put all the data together
a transmission or a GG on a bike cycle is clear
so definitely it's from bats and then you have a intermediate host
it could be some memos in that in that African region
and then for the home of these I could also be directed from bats
to humans
you can see Ebola, SARS and MERS all these virus they are from bats
so bats are very serious problem
if we look around the world so I got a story about bats when we moved to this
is funny when we moved up to uh kadot wisconsin where I basically grew up from
what grade would it have been fourth grade or so
which is where my father also grew up and so I had almost all of my father's
significant school teachers including his history teacher basketball coach who
wasn't coaching basketball anymore but still history teacher
his algebra teacher and his civics teacher
and maybe that's it but oh no and it's chemistry teacher I think
but anyway the point is I was a Wisconsin boy my whole life I graduated
from high school up there from a high school graduating class of like 80
some kids and when we moved up to that hometown
we bought a house across from the catholic church
and it was kind of a house that it was in need of repair so we got it kind of
cheap when we bought the house believe it or not there was a
small helicopter in two parts in the living room the living room wasn't that
big the helicopter was that small um and the bats in the in the attic
had crapped so much that you couldn't see
the rafters in the attic when you went up there
so my father and I using like really not even masks but just bandanas
shoveled all that out which just tried to imagine the dust that was involved
in that um and then also before we did that of course
we had to put buckets of open pneumonia up there
ammonia up there to try and get the bats out but
there were hundreds of them up there and we had multiple
of them in the house during the course of trying to drive them out
um and in retrospect I feel really bad because
um I mean it was a spectacular number of bats like I
I think it was part of might have been part of the reason why we got the house
so cheap but anyway uh and I didn't get any viruses from that so little brown
bats are not dangerous apparently at least not in
Wisconsin you can see that bat populations are
being severely successful bandanas are totally magical
some of them because they live in the upper tiers of rainforests
and feed on wild fruit but the upper tiers of the rainforests are getting
the most impacted yes we did put all of that in the
garden so we didn't we that was the same place
that we we you know wrote took all the sod off of it wrote
until the day and it was uh yeah definitely
my dad knew what he was doing when that was that that was definitely an
opportunity of this heat increase an increased uv radiation
add to that that humans are encroaching into the rainforests
into bat habitats precious caves they're very shy creatures
they do not seek you out no matter what vampire movies you ever saw
as humans encroach we see more and more bat populations starving
and coming into human habitation areas to feed on our agricultural production
and in the process they're passing their virus on
to other animals and to humans
we are imposing changes in the microbial world
willy nilly thoughtless and we do so at our peril
we have dramatically increased our contact with animals in a variety of
ways through deforestation industrialization of
agriculture and vastly increased consumption of animals
so in one sense there are less animals because we're deforestating
but then deforesting but then deforesting drives
those animals into us somehow where they weren't
before because they had their own space and
and don't just it don't animals just die when you take away
acres and acres of forest they don't just all move into the part of the
forest that's left i mean that's not how it works right
otherwise there would be parts of the amazon that were just
crowded with animals what is this it doesn't even
make sense
hiv spread out of africa from a few monkeys and chimpanzees to infect
millions of people on every continent
sars jumped from a bat to a civic cat so he's listing it now and now he's
listing it hold on here and actually increased our contact with animals
in a variety of ways through deforestation industrialization of
agriculture and vastly increased consumption of animals
hiv spread out of africa from a few monkeys and chimpanzees to infect
millions of people on every continent
and so here we are right in 2017 where the
narrative that cnn is pushing is that bushmeat
is aids it's the exact same narrative that that
Brett Weinstein started out with at the beginning of the pandemic
that aids is bushmeat and brick and cove it must be bushmeat and even if it
isn't we should definitely control bushmeat
and they were advocating for it multiple shows we got to close these
crazy markets they've gotten these places i mean it's just insane
and that's how they were talking again
basically getting us to ask the wrong questions making us sure we're never
gonna get out of the cave sars jumped from a bat to a civic
cat to a villager in china to more than 30 countries
in a matter of weeks you don't think that's what wasting disease
in in deer is all about
i mean that that's something quite frankly i think is just to try and
discourage people from taking part in hunting anymore to make it
less and less attractive you know you know how many
how many deer do you have to show on tv with wasting disease how many
how many news reports do you have to do before some people are just like maybe
i'm not going to go hunting this year because i don't want to take a chance
with that
animal and human health are completely linked
in the 21st century 75 percent of all new infectious diseases
have come from animals 75 percent what does that even mean
in other cases three out of four like mosquitoes
if anyone had sat down and done you know a fantasy
hit parade of emerging boys she's getting quite a quite a
starring role in this isn't she diseases that might come to the america's
from africa or from asia zika would never have even been on the list
zika laris originated in africa and had never been off the african continent
until started making its way across asia and south pacific
ending up in french polynesia and yap
the app is a small place that most people have never heard of
but when zika hit it 70 percent of the population got infected
that was really quite startling if anybody had been paying attention
but they weren't zika jumped from the south pacific to brazil
in 2013 two years before it was identified there
the timeline corresponds to an increase in travel between the south pacific and
brazil including visitors who attended a pre-world
cup soccer tournament a confederation cup
someone was carrying the zika virus and some mosquitoes that that individual
absorbed the virus and that's the beginning of this saga
and that's also the alnino weather event
provided the necessary ingredients that's also something there right what is
the model of reality that's implied here the model of
reality that is implied is that people carrying the virus
carry it in such a uniform distribution in their blood
that a mosquito size drop of their blood will eventually contain that virus
and then can be transmitted by it
say what wait
attended the pre-world cup soccer tournament
the confederation cup
someone was carrying the zika virus and some mosquitoes that that individual
absorbed the virus and that's the beginning of this saga
what how is that what that's that's extraordinary if you think about it
i mean that's really extraordinary because i'm not really sure that mosquitoes
bite like lots of people now i'm no entomologist
but if a mosquito bites until it's full and then flies away and i have an itchy
bump i think that mosquito goes off to lay eggs
am i wrong here i mean mosquitoes don't live for like you know
months and months and months they can't live more than a season right
i mean let's just be ridiculously naive about it when we're not
mosquitoes don't live that long they get eaten by everything that they
they fly past
and some birds eat their weight and mosquitoes every day
mosquitoes don't bite like animals all over the place they don't go from
into a concert and bite 17 people that what is she talking about
but that's the model of reality that she gives us
a model that makes predictions that can't be verified that won't verify you
know they won't if you just turn your imagination long enough to entertain
it
and that's the beauty of what i'm learning from the broken science initiative that
this way of thinking about how knowledge is created
through the use of model verification using models to make predictions and then
see if those predictions come true and if they don't
change the model in an intelligent thoughtful way
which tries to encompass that new observation
as we were talking about with map Briggs yesterday
if you have a model that recapitulates the past but you crank it forward and it
can't make useful predictions something might be wrong with it
and so if she explains the Zika virus as spreading by a
mosquito carrying something from victim to victim
then that's a certain model that makes certain predictions that
i'm sure mosquito scientists would tell you are it cannot be true
and yet they're allowed to get away with it because of this extreme
specialization well i'm just a mosquito guy so i don't want to correct a
virologist i'm just a mosquito guy i make my
i get my grants by their diseases so i wouldn't want to correct them on
mosquito basic biology do you see how this works
and then undoubtedly the El Nino weather event
provided the necessary ingredients rainfall and drought
that fundamentally changed the conditions on the ground and allowed for
the spread of this virus
so more mosquitoes spread it all over the place so in the unlucky people who got
bit by mosquito that bit somebody else that sucked just
enough of the virus out of them but not enough blood to make eggs so then they
bit somebody else holy cow
only weeds and mosquitoes
that's like a birth defect in my mind that's like a developmental disorder
then how does that happen from a virus
and now we are being forced to ask questions that give us the wrong model
of things in our head we are asking the question of how
how do we stop this virus how do we prevent this this
this suffering from happening but we talked to to
randal
i can't remember but we talked to the guy who wrote the book about this this is
this was all a weird story they were telling
and we don't know if it was because of herbicides or insecticides or
chemical spill or what i don't know what they did
i mean just they wanted to give people and they wanted to give
uh start with the idea that that pregnant women could be vaccinated
that pregnant women could be injected with things in order to prevent disease
in the baby and so that whole concept had to be rolled out somewhere where
they could just bully the population with a narrative
so they did it there they do it in Africa that's what i think you have to
see this as they tell us these stories they've told us
these stories you know Stephen Hatfield has told us these
stories about Ebola but it's not really the stories
they're not these are not truthful people they are part of a ruling elite
which tell us stories so that we they have a grip on our understanding of
reality a full grip on our understanding of reality
it is very similar to what dullis said when the United States
populists everything they believe is a lie
then we will finally be in control that that's that's where we are
and that's what the unique opportunity of covid and the pandemic is for all of
us we can turn to our children we can turn to the young adults around
us and say you know there's an alternative way to see what happened
over the last four years and there's still time to learn from it
there's still time for us to collectively put our pants back on
and and get to work building a republic that we can all be proud of
that's founded on moral principles that are anchored in some
reverence for the sacred some understanding that what we are is
is more than a than a clock more than a fancy machine
and i'm all about beautiful things and intricate mechanisms and all this
other stuff but what life is is not an elaborate
clockwork although that can be a useful analogy we're not
trying to understand parts of that pattern integrity
it is not a useful analogy when trying to understand
what the whole of life is and how it works
and that's unfortunately what they are
messing with us here they want us to accept simple models of reality and
simple models of our relationship to the world
biologically so that we will accept their simple model of medicine
and and accept that our our bodies essentially are broken
they're vulnerable and they're weak and it has nothing to do with what we are
eating nothing to do with what we are exposed to nothing to do with what we're
not doing it has all to do with vulnerabilities
just because nature is mean that's the big model of reality that this
this movie seems to be starting out with showing with Ebola and now Zika
and we'll see how it goes forward
and so the average skilled tv watcher when they listen to this woman is not
thinking about is it really a virus has she been misled
by governments around the world into thinking that this is something that it
isn't so that they can do their thing
that's what i'm thinking that's what you should be thinking but that's not
what people who saw this in 2017 thought that's not what
a high school teacher of biology in 2017 would think that's not what a
wannabe state senator in pennsylvania would think if he saw this into or she
saw this in 2017 what do you i mean come on
you see the magic of this these people are insistent
as an enchantment that they are either under or they are casting
oh
In 2015, the Zika virus suddenly spread across Brazil, primarily through the bite of one
type of mosquito.
The medical establishment only began to comprehend Zika's danger, as the number of babies born
with the birth defect microcephaly started to dramatically increase.
Now, notice very carefully here that, notice very carefully here, can you see if I got
a box out there?
If you notice carefully here, they are amplifying this idea that, ooh, we saw a signal that there's
microencephaly.
I called some other people, and I was on this chat group, and we all agreed that there was
more microencephaly.
What I need you to see clearly here is that that did not happen in COVID, and anything
that did happen at the beginning of COVID, any agreement like that, any who we called
other doctors, and coincidentally, we're done with what?
With the team worst-case scenario.
The best agreement that we have across early 2020, across most doctors, is that nothing
happened.
And so it is an extraordinary thing that now, when we have signals like doctors apparently
all agreed that there's some kind of new rise in cancer, we ignore it.
We have all of these embalmers saying that, well, it's getting a lot harder to get these
dead bodies to perfuse, we don't care.
What is going on then?
You have to only see it as what it is.
It's purposeful governance.
It is a limited spectrum of debate, and some of those subjects are not within that limited
spectrum of debate.
And if they are, they are controlled in such a way so that they don't move the ball of
the novel virus that killed millions, that millions more were saved from, that will come
again because it was gain of function.
I think it's going to be a very difficult time to do it, but I think it's going to be
a very difficult time to do it.
I think it's going to be a very difficult time to do it.
Since the alarm went sounding around the world from Brazil, we have seen almost every day
another revelation about this virus.
What we now know is that this is a very dangerous virus.
We grossly underestimated it.
It is malaria in that it is transmitted by mosquitoes and can cause enormous outbreaks.
It is HIV in that it is sexually transmitted.
It's worse than all of the above as we come to understand what this virus actually lives on.
Where does the virus go in a pregnant woman?
Wait, what?
It goes into this tiny forming creature, the fetus, and it feeds on it
and reinfects back into the mother's bloodstream over and over again.
What is it feeding on in that fetus?
Baby brain cells.
Wow!
Every single part of the brain of that developing child is damaged.
The Zika virus affects its victims in a completely different way from the Ebola virus.
It feeds on the baby's brain.
She said it feeds on the baby's brain.
Oh my gosh.
That can't be right.
That cannot be possibly substantiated in the literature.
There is no freaking way.
Oh my gosh.
Oh, that is really alarming.
Some epidemics grab our attention, while others, in spite of the larger number of victims remain more hidden.
I need to know more about the Zika virus.
I will admit it.
I've got to read the literature at least, so I know what they claim it does, but that seems pretty.
She said it was eating baby's brains.
Wow!
How does it get all the way there?
The brain is a pretty privileged place.
I'll run it back.
And it's malaria in that it is trans...
What we now know is that this is a very dangerous virus.
We grossly underestimated it.
It is malaria in that it is transmitted by mosquitoes and can cause enormous outbreaks.
It is HIV in that it is sexually transmitted.
And it's worse than all of the above, as we come to understand what this virus actually lives on.
It lives on.
As the virus go in a pregnant woman, it goes into this tiny forming creature, the fetus, and it feeds on it.
And re-infects back into the mother's bloodstream over and over again.
And what is it feeding on in that fetus?
Baby brain cells.
Wow!
I mean, why does it meet the mom's brain then?
What is going on here?
Did we really let them get away with this?
Holy cow!
And so, every single part of the brain of that developing child is damaged.
The Zika virus affects its victims.
Yeah, viruses eat things.
Yes, that's right. They definitely eat them.
They think they're in common.
Is how fast they can move.
They move fast, too.
Man, they've had some.
While spearing others.
I mean, the speed of a mosquito.
Let's grab our attention.
While others, in spite of the larger...
Or a one-night stand, I guess.
They need to go full shaft.
They still get them walking.
Here we go.
2014 influenza outbreak.
We're inside of Minnesota.
It's a beautiful town.
To me, it's like Mayberry RFP.
To me, it's like Mayberry RFE, Opie Taylor's town.
Minnesota is where Ulster Home is.
It's a princess.
It was sick.
And the chief brought her here because of the healing waters.
When we moved here, it just felt like home.
I think we got lucky.
The good Lord just gave us two good kids.
Sarah was always the princess of Shannon's opposite.
She was a tomboy.
She loved skateboarding.
And she loved video games.
Shannon, she's a complete surprise.
Sarah was almost 16.
And I was 40.
She was at a joy.
Right from the get-go.
She was a joy for everybody.
We were a tight family.
Her first line up by herself.
Oh, my gosh.
I remember when she got a permit.
She was just so tickled.
She goes by herself.
I saw her so proud of her.
Oh, my gosh.
Somebody's driving.
I don't have to pay these parents.
They missed their daughter.
And they were told their daughter was killed by the flu.
So what are they going to do?
She was in her senior year of high school.
She came home Wednesday night.
Couldn't possibly be being mistreated at the hospital.
That was Wednesday.
And Thursday, she does seem to be, you know, baseline for being sick.
But she wasn't getting better.
And that's when Terry and I agreed that we've got to take her.
And I took her that Sunday to go to the hospital.
We waited two hours.
It was that pack.
That's when I knew there was a big epidemic of flu going on.
And she's sitting next to me and she's got her head on me.
And I took to selfie.
Senator Mom saying we're still waiting.
The doctor said it was just a flu that I had to run this course.
They gave her some cough medicine just for comfort.
And Terry went to the hospital.
Well, I got her back up in her bed.
Here we go.
Are these the real messages?
I don't know.
It could be.
I guess.
Come on.
I don't know.
It's good brainwashing if it's not, right?
I mean, this is propaganda extraordinaire.
It's about five o'clock in the morning.
I was sitting in the living room and I heard her moving around upstairs.
I thought, wow.
She's getting out of bed.
I got up and I went to the coffee.
I mean, if you say sepsis in the in the chat, right?
That's what we're talking about here.
I just to remind you, I can put the chat of the other one up.
Let's see who's in there.
I'm in the chat testing peer to base solar flare.
Nice work way to go.
If you say that in the chat, sepsis, that's the point, right?
If you say it's a virus and antibiotics don't work on virus,
you know, it's a virus.
That's the point, right?
If you say it's a virus and antibiotics don't work on viruses,
then there's a whole host of things you have just ruled out.
There's a whole host of things that will now kill you if you're wrong.
That's the best way to put it.
If you rule out anything that antibiotics,
antibiotics won't work for what ails you and you're wrong.
There are lots of things that antibiotics can fix that will kill you.
Is that making perfect sense?
If antibiotics are necessary, rather, let me say it again,
if you decide that antibiotics are not necessary and you're wrong,
there is a whole list of things that antibiotics can help with
that can also kill you.
I can make her and I saw in my peripheral that she got up and she went into the bathroom.
She tapped on the shower curtain and I said,
you want to take a shower?
And she nodded.
Yes.
I said, okay.
I was filling the water up and all that got about so full,
she laid back that her knees kept buckling and you know,
she could push it on the end of the time to keep herself from sliding under it.
See the thing I'm going to say something else here.
I'm never going to get through this video in time for basketball.
The thing that I'll say here is what I find very interesting about the attack on
the wellness company is that it sort of in a way ends up to be an
indirect attack on what they're actually selling or started selling,
which is what?
It is the Z shield,
which is Dr. Zelenko's argument that he made in this video from his phone
in his car before he died where he said, Hey,
this is a national security secret here.
But you know, zinc and a zinc ionophore is all you need for all of these RNA viruses.
He made a little video of it that I'm sure I have on my hard drive somewhere that I
didn't find for this because I didn't realize it was going to, I would want it so quickly.
But I assure you that video is there and more importantly, I assure you that that's what
Z shield the product is.
It's a green tea extract, which purportedly has the molecular property of being a zinc ionophore
to allow zinc into cells.
Apparently, I don't know how that works.
But that's what I'm told.
It can transport zinc or help zinc it in.
Then there's zinc and there's some other, I don't know, St. John's root or wart or something in there.
The point is, is that that debate in reality ends up throwing shade attention on the debate
about there being a need for novel treatments.
There being suppression of novel treatments.
And so you get people again, whether you approach it from the perspective of skepticism of the
wellness company or the idea that the wellness company is trying to help people, you're still
asking a question that gets you to accept a model where there is a novel virus that does
need probably, or at least that it's a relevant question, do we need new treatments for it?
Were these new treatments effective?
What did they do?
And the crazy part about it is, is that there might be a kernel of truth in there.
That's the part that I'm going to go all the way back to Zev himself, who's the only person
that I would consider in that group of people and those following as being the person I'd
want to think about listening to.
When I look at the videos of Zev, when I listen to what he said about the transfection and
when I listen to what he says about RNA viruses in general, his insistence was that zinc is
a primary limiting factor when it comes to fighting or repelling these RNA-based viruses,
because the enzymes that degrade them, that can repel them, that can activate them, that
work, I guess, with toll receptors and whatever.
There's a lot of zinc-related processes there that you don't want to be short on it.
You want to make sure you've got enough of it, and that was his argument.
And so I find it very interesting that we're spending an enormous amount of time on these
fake social platforms, asking what I think are probably irrelevantly parallel questions
to what we need to be asking, which is, is this fundamental statement that Zev Zelenko made
right before he died, from his car in a mobile phone video, that it was a national security
secret priority to tell everybody that basically zinc plus quesareton, or zinc plus this green
T extract, was a pretty good countermeasure against most RNA viruses, especially those
that are transmitted by aerosol, and infect your lungs.
I just find it very curious.
And so these people probably have been bamboozled into believing that their daughter
definitely had flu, so there's no reason to give her antibiotics.
And she probably died of sepsis.
She probably died, and they're going to say it.
What does sepsis do? It's a multi-organ failure thing. Ready?
Nice our eyes.
And...
And around the wall, and we'll tear you up, so that she's not breathing, and I can run
down, and I still remember her on the floor.
Mom giving her CPR.
I never had to do that before.
Is she really crying? I'm starting to not even believe this.
All I could do is dial 911.
Oh, we needed that.
911, what's going on there?
My daughter's 17 years old.
She's not breathing.
Okay, I'm setting the turn.
Help me now, just stay online with me, okay?
Please.
Come over here.
I don't remember.
He kind of died past him.
I just remember a pair of blue heads that kneeled down on the other side of her.
And he told me they'd take over, and I stepped away.
Even when the...
I don't doubt that her daughter died.
I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that.
It just was weird.
It looked like she was kind of manufacturing that emotion, you know?
You might do that for a TV show, and it's just unfortunate.
But it felt like that to me, sorry.
You know, I waved at the helicopter.
You know, everything's fine.
I had no clue.
Now we have more sound effects and stuff.
I mean, come on, come on.
You know, they told us that you didn't make it, and I said,
I want to see her.
And they said, you never recognize her for what we've had to do to her.
Because the flu actually killed all of her organs long before she actually died.
See?
I told you.
I still think she had to be coming home.
Sepsis is a great call.
I think that was really a great call.
And then you have...
And then what is really crazy is, again, my studious chat is already on it.
Of course, Paul Merrick is being kind of overshadowed by a lot of the people he travels with.
And people are poo-pooing his treatments for sepsis.
And it's just...
I think Paul Merrick is one of the good ones.
I think Paul Merrick has been upstaged by a number of people because that was what their job was.
And he's too humble of a guy to say anything he probably didn't even notice it.
I like Paul a lot.
And I think he's a very kind-hearted man.
And I know that he's aware that there's a lot of liars out there.
And I do really think that he's one of those dudes who just needed to be in the background.
And so that's where he has been.
I mean, not that he's not putting everything on the line or hasn't been fighting and traveling around the world doing the best he can.
I'm just saying that he hasn't been on Tucker Carlson for a reason.
Will he be on Jimmy Dorr?
I doubt it.
You know, will Paul Merrick be tapped for NIH head?
I definitely doubt it.
You know, that's what I mean.
Being in the world as a parent is losing their child.
This is the most unnatural thing to happen to a human being.
And you stand next to it and you think, goodness, I am there to prevent this from happening.
And sometimes I cannot.
And sometimes I don't know why I cannot.
That sounds also out of German, okay.
The question of how and why one particular person may die from-
Listen to this music.
The million dollar question that we absolutely need to tackle.
It is surprising how much we still need to learn about flu.
A disease which causes worldwide epidemics every year.
I find that extraordinary.
So she wants to find out why some people die and some people don't.
And she imagines that it has nothing to do with the treatment.
She assumes it doesn't.
And in fact, is asking the question based on the idea that it must be genetic.
It must be a sum total of their genetic and physiological background that means they're going to survive or it's going to be asymptomatic.
You see, they're laying down the whole narrative that this girl was just an unfortunate random congruence of like, you know, bad genes and bad flu virus sequence.
And that flu virus sequence happened to be really not the one that she needed.
Wow.
Our little raspiness in her chest. The flu tells came back positive.
I actually remember saying, okay, it's just the flu. Like it was never a deal.
It spreads across the globe, hospitalizing three to five million.
Within 24 hours, she would contribute to it.
Look at this.
She's using 200,000 every year.
What?
As they were coding her.
The baby girl scarlet and pronounced dead.
Are these all people that didn't get antibiotics that should have had them? Ask that question.
Have we been doing this every year?
I'm actually wondering now.
The majority of the adult insurance patients have some thing that we call a risk factor.
They're a weak immune system before they have diabetes or obesity.
Pregnant women have a risk for both themselves as well as the child.
Okay, we know these factors.
Jessica Hockett thinks that, too, that the flu shot actually does this.
I agree that even the most healthy, young, unhappy, playful person is taken away from this planet within a couple of days.
Every year.
What a story she tells herself.
Nice.
But what experts are really afraid of is a new strain of flu.
That's how I want to raise my kids.
Can I show you?
And you can help me if you want to donate, you know, a million dollars.
That's what I would do with it.
I would start a biology school out in the wild of Pennsylvania.
But what experts are weird bikes and hunting?
When the police...
The population hasn't been exposed to before.
Please fund me.
One that almost no one will have any immunity against.
When we think about the threat of a disease spreading around the world is a pandemic threat.
Obviously airborne infections are at the very top.
Things like SARS and flu are something that we know is difficult to control because of the way it spreads through aerosol.
Most people become infectious with the flu before they even have symptoms.
No immunity.
But it can travel clearly across the world with an infectious disease incubating in them without them even knowing that they're sick yet.
In 2009, a new flu emerged, H1N1, also known as swine flu.
We now know it first appeared in the U.S. in the pig industry, initially infecting people at state and county fairs.
In a little over a year, swine flu infected around 1.3 billion people.
It was the most common shared experience on Earth.
Fluent poses a strong pandemic threat because it has the ability to be both very contagious and very deadly.
You're really not wrong, right?
And there's this place in Lausanne, Switzerland called the Chateau.
And they have their own beer and they also have their own pizza.
And while I was studying in Lausanne as a grad student, visiting Henry Markham's lab and staying with Rodrigo in Sonya,
the second time I was there while those were the days.
And the EPFL in Lausanne is just this technical university in Switzerland on the shore of Lake Geneva.
And they have this little bar and they made pizza.
And I can't say, I think honestly, if I was given one last hour in time to spend with my best friend and wife.
Before everything vanished.
Without a doubt, I would go back to an evening at the Chateau in Lausanne and be able to order an apology and pizza and have some kind of beer that they would have on tap and
hands it across the table from her.
And I don't know that that's, I want my sons to be able to have that trip.
I want my sons to be able to also experience pizza on a on a terrace in Italy and understand that they are at the peak of civilization.
And appreciate how sacred it is where we are.
The rich history and how long it took us to wake up. That's what I see coming.
But it's going to take a lot of pain and it's going to take a lot more action than my own, a lot more action than this stream.
But I'm really happy you guys are here.
Wow.
What we're most worried about right now is this bird flu that we know is highly pathogenic.
Bird flu.
Currently this deadly new bird flu doesn't spread easily between people.
I mean, that's part of the script, right? Listen to what he says.
The age five and one kills between 50 and 60% of the people it infects.
Well, where does that statistic come from? You know, they make that statistic.
He might even be just pulling it out of his back pocket.
Currently this deadly new bird flu doesn't spread easily between people.
But it is spreading rapidly among wild birds in poultry.
Experts are afraid this could be a pandemic threat.
It's a live poultry market. So the birds are alive.
And when they're sold, they're sold alive because people value the fact that it's very fresh meat.
Why do they value that? Well, because it tastes better because it's healthier.
And you know, a live animal has a lot longer keep, right?
If you had like 10 chickens and you wanted to sell them over a week,
it would be a lot better than butchering them on Monday and then selling them until Friday, right?
I mean, come on. This is just absurd.
So you buy your chicken or your duck alive and then it is killed and cleaned and emptied, of course, eviscerated.
The viscera go into some of these buckets here and then the birds are put in hot water
and then put in these drums where these little plastic tubings help get rid of the feathers.
And then when the birds have been defethered, eviscerated and cleaned,
then they're cut up and they're given back to the person who bought it.
The issue here is that the water is the same to clean all the ducks and chickens.
The other issue is that these people are waiting in viscera feathers and the water that serves to clean them.
So there's really a lot, a lot of virus here.
A lot of virus here and those people don't die.
The vast majority of them are fine for generations.
So what are they really talking about here? There's virus here. Let's show me it. Quantify it.
They won't do that, but they will voice that model of reality on you.
And that's where I really think we've upped our game a little bit because the model of reality
that this guy has accepted and is foisting on us because we're listening to him
explain what he does and what his questions are about the world.
We are accepting his assumptions and his assumptions are a model of reality.
And so if you see those assumptions as a model of reality and then use it to make predictions
with your imagination about what that model predicts about reality and about the future,
you can then very easily see, but this guy doesn't understand reality because his model
doesn't make any verifiable predictions.
Oh, I'm getting good at this.
In 2011, when the Pasteur Institute started monitoring the wash water,
18% of the water samples were positive for H5N1.
Water samples monitored by what PCR? So here we are again,
laying down a narrative based on assumptions that this is a high fidelity test,
a high fidelity way of tracking these RNA signals.
These RNA signals that are super deadly concentrated in these places,
but we can just walk around here.
We don't need to protect ourselves from viruses that we're not even native to.
Think about how much contradiction is in this picture alone.
As he was looking down, almost describing it fearfully, now he's just gone down into the soup
and it's totally okay.
It's fine. Who cares? Look at this.
66% of samples were positive.
We know that bird food is very, very deadly.
And we know swine food spreads very quickly.
What we worry about is if those...
The best part of meat preparation like this is I don't see any refrigerators.
You know?
To re-assore and then we could have a new strain that literally could spread as quickly
as the swine food did but have the mortality rate of bird food.
That's the big fear that we have now literally created the Petri dish that we all
worried about and both of those viruses are sitting in there at the same time.
See, they use the illusions. They use the cartoons that they want you to see.
One of them.
They have foist a model of reality on you that because of the urgency and because of their
agreed consensus on what questions are important to ask, we accept the model.
And that model is what they want us to pass on to our children.
Holy mess.
Risks. We face.
This is an issue of human lives.
It should be thought of in the same way that we think of terrorism protection against
national disasters against national defense.
This is a human security issue and it is also an economic security issue.
The outbreak of SARS could trigger a global downturn.
Fear of the SARS virus has caused serious financial damage to businesses and cities,
even in entire countries.
During the Haida SARS, nobody was going to restaurants.
People didn't want to go shopping.
At one point at the peak of the SARS crisis, a travel in Hong Kong was done by 80%
and retail sales were done by 50%.
Businesses can run out of money.
Estimates of the impact SARS have been an economic impact of around 40 billion or so.
If a global pandemic took place, you're looking at an economic impact measured in the trillions of dollars.
2017, ladies and gentlemen, CNN Productions.
Not tens or hundreds of billions.
It has such a big impact on business and life.
You hope the world has the capacity to see an outbreak mobilize forces and contain it, right?
Unfortunately, we rarely do that, especially if the outbreak occurs in a poor country.
Well, here we are in Liberia.
That's Sierra Leone.
And this is the border crossing.
Do you see security?
Do you see any military?
Do you see anything that would stop someone from coming across this border?
And then it not only spreads beyond the borders of the original country has occurred with Ebola in West Africa,
but it crosses seas, it crosses continents, and that constitutes a pandemic.
It's funny because Denny Rancore has lots of evidence that COVID couldn't really cross borders,
even if they were wide open like that.
Endemic is your worst case scenario.
So you failed to control the outbreak, and that constitutes a pandemic.
So you failed to control the outbreak.
Endemic is your worst case scenario.
I didn't think I was going to find this kind of gold here.
And believe it or not, endemic is the word.
You don't understand what kind of clip is being made here.
Are you ready?
Because this is, this is, this is crazy.
Because what is the fear and of endemicity?
But it crosses seas, it crosses continents, and that constitutes a pandemic.
Endemic is your worst case scenario.
So what she's saying here is exactly the yin and yang of what Brett Weinstein said for the first two years of the pandemic.
What did he say?
That we need to still understand that zero COVID is possible.
That was the whole argument for the masks, for the lockdown, for the justification of it because we could still get to zero COVID.
That was the justification for using Ivermectin because it was 100% prophylactic.
So if we had two vaccinated people and a person who was prophylactically protected, we didn't need to wear masks, but we could still get to zero COVID.
Do you see?
And in 2017, she was already laying down the model of reality where a virus can break.
But if we respond quick enough, like we do with Ebola, then it won't spread and pandemic avoided.
And so this narrative of pandemic control, epidemic control near misses and pandemic potential has been repeatedly built up from Ebola through Zika, through SARS, with ever increasing implications for what happens if the next one gets under the door.
And Demicity is the worst case scenario.
That is the worst case scenario that team leader Brett Weinstein was advocating vigorously to avoid by using the phrase zero COVID is a goal for a very long time.
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
You failed to control the outbreak. You failed to control the epidemic and you failed to control the pandemic.
And now that micro is a permanent feature in the biological landscape that humans are living in.
So your behavior determines the outcome. If we would just cooperate, if we would just follow public health directives, this kind of thing could be avoided, but there is a danger.
There is a danger. If we don't follow public health directives, there is a danger that a virus will become endemic.
And then what?
Well, that's the worst case scenario.
First example of that is HIV.
We started off with tiny outbreaks in a handful of places and the world responded completely incorrectly.
It became pandemic and now endemic. So we have 37 million people living infected with HIV and there is no country on the planet without this virus.
Before the devastation of AIDS, we could have avoided smallpox.
Smallpox killed 500 million people in the 20th century alone.
More than all the wars in that century combined.
Whenever an infectious disease truly catches hold, it forces health workers to make impossible choices about the public's freedom and rights.
I was the youngest person in the smallpox team.
And I was certainly the only person in the history of the United Nations recruited from the name Corioli Baba Ashram.
We had eradicated smallpox in much of British. It was a big state in the middle of India.
And we were about to do our victory dance and then suddenly, across the border, we started getting new outbreaks.
And they all came from one place, a place called Tathanabir.
First place we went to was the railway station.
And it was a scene from the worst nightmare you ever had in your life.
There were dozens of people stretched out near the tracks in the waiting room on the cement dead from smallpox.
It smelled from the...yeah.
The Tathanagar was the home of the Tathan iron and steel company.
So I just went to the company's house. It was almost midnight when I got there.
I said, I need cheaps. I need managers. I need doctors. I need vaccines.
The next day I had 100 cheaps. We set up training programs.
We used maps to develop a strategy and we took the 100 cheaps and we built our little army.
We were doing great in 2000 cases of smallpox.
We were stopping the disease in Tathanagar, but still, as we're vaccinating everybody, the trains were carrying people away.
We're still exporting smallpox.
We closed the railway station.
Did you see how they were doing it? That's variation.
That's technically speaking, not intramuscular injection of a combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system.
That was inoculating the skin, which is called variolation.
It's interesting, right? Interesting, very interesting that that's in the video, but they don't say it.
Close the buses. We quarantined the city of 600,000 people. Nobody could leave the city unless they were vaccinated.
Of course, Larry is leaving a tail in that entire area around Tathanagar in less than six months.
Chief mythologist without a doubt.
Coming back, we traced it to a tribal group called the Ho Tribe.
So I went and visited the members of that tribe and I said, well, you've got to take smallpox vaccine.
You've got to stop this transmission.
And he said, I won't take it. I do whatever God's will is.
If I'm to get smallpox, I'll get it.
After a while, more cases kept coming out from the Ho community.
And we all agreed that we were going to have to forcibly vaccinate these Ho tribesmen.
In the middle of the night, we went out into the villages, into the jungle, and we surrounded them and pulled them out of their houses and vaccinated them.
And then after we had broken into their house, pulled them out of bed, forcibly vaccinated them.
This dignified tribal elder looked at me and reached over to the vine, and there was one fruit, a cucumber, a kind of gourd.
He pulled it off, and he cut it, and he put it on a leaf, and he offered it to us to eat.
He said, I don't like what you did. I think you're wrong. But that's over now.
Now I see that you are a guest in my house.
The only thing I have to offer is this cucumber.
And so you ask yourself, were we right?
We did a lot of things that, in their individual...
Did he report the absolute drop off of smallpox? Did no one else die?
I mean, that's the story he's implying, but he didn't say it yet.
Keep that in mind. Did this forest vaccination campaign result in a complete eradication of smallpox?
Or did people keep dying for a while?
Listen, if I put the harshest light of truth on it right now, I would be begging to find an alternative way to do it.
And I asked myself, did I exaggerate the importance of what I did?
Did I place myself above some kind of moral compass? Did I quit too early trying to find a way to accomplish the same thing?
But that's sort of between me and God and me and my conscience.
Smallpox has been eradicated, and I'm thrilled about that.
Ooh, it's hard for me to take that seriously. Wow. Ooh, geez.
The only disease ever eradicated, is that what it said? Sorry, I'm going to go back.
The idea... Oh, no, smallpox.
The idea of night raids or forcible vaccination today is just unthinkable.
There's a few big things that are very different.
Internal politics, global politics, extremism, the whole issue of human rights, you have to be transparent,
because the wrong information can actually contribute to the spread of a disease.
Oh, boy.
I'm particularly interested in that.
The wrong information can contribute to the spread.
The way that rumors replicate and spread are very similar to how viruses spread.
They need a host to them, because the wrong information can actually contribute to the spread of a disease.
I'm particularly interested in looking at rumors.
Rumors?
Rumors replicate and spread...
Rumors replicate and spread are very similar to how viruses spread.
Are you ready? Are you ready for this? Wow!
That is some rich stuff right there.
To be transparent, because the wrong information can actually contribute to the spread of the disease.
I'm particularly interested in looking at rumors.
The way that rumors replicate and spread are very similar to how viruses spread.
They need a host, they need to be supported to stay alive and thrive.
Oh, there we go.
Okay, hi.
Rumors have been around since Man Existed, but I think right now what's changed with technology,
particularly social media and the internet, is the global spread and the speed.
I mean, look at Twitter. You need 140 characters or something.
And that's all you need to spread some of the rumors and perceptions that we're certainly tracking.
And one of the things we found is that rumors thrive.
There's Alex Jones.
Not for nothing that Alex Jones is there. That's not by accident.
CNN is promoting Alex Jones in a movie.
Really?
Genetically modified, lab made virus in 2017. That sounds crazy.
See it now?
And one of the things we found is that rumors thrive in times of uncertainty.
They thrive in times where people need an answer or eager for an answer.
The old model of how you respond to an infectious disease outbreak is you issue some sort of, you know,
firm warning to the public and tell them what they shouldn't do.
That doesn't work anymore because people are responding to rumors on Twitter or Facebook
and they want to engage and they want to challenge and they want to have their own opinions about what's going on.
When an epidemic occurs, there is a clinical management, but it's also the reactions of society.
And managing that can be as important as actually dealing with the epidemic itself.
Okay, good afternoon everybody.
This is the third meeting of our Task Force on Ebola.
And then John, would you like to give an update because where we are with the epidemic?
I'm very worried and to be honest.
President Ellen Johnson-Salith likened the outbreak to a war.
Cases in death continue to surge, riots are breaking out.
As Ebola continued to spread across West Africa, the government's implemented massive quarantines.
Distrust exploded.
Security forces locked roads with scrap wood and parked wire.
We were forced open in isolation, war hundreds clashed with the police who fired light rounds and teared us.
Liberia has tried, we've used our own resources, but obviously we have limitations and we hope that the international communities see this,
and so the international catastrophe.
Two Americans who have been infected will be set home for care in Atlanta.
The opposite people in this debate, the few individuals, before they saw that last time.
It became infected whilst working as a nurse in East DC, I really am.
The news photographer for NBC just diagnosed with Ebola.
Much like the other Americans before him, he will be flown back to the United States for treatment.
That's him?
If that was real, right? Think about that.
Think about how crazy that is.
That somebody who's sick would be flown back to the United States with a disease that could potentially kill billions.
For that reporter, it's so important that they come home.
They couldn't go to a local hospital or they couldn't fly the medicine there.
Think about the incongruence of that.
What does that even mean?
I thought that their whole model of this was they were looking down from that bridge and they were saying,
Look, they're just the problem is those people are just swimming in the parts of those birds.
And so there's just virus everywhere.
And then they went down there with no mask.
This is the same thing.
These people got infected with something that could potentially kill a city.
And so they flew him home.
What?
Right?
No, he's from the States.
Oh, he's here.
Oh, he's in there.
Oh, my God.
In a repeating pattern, the world only really started to pay attention to the Ebola epidemic when foreign workers began to fall sick.
The international response is continuing to ramp up.
We're going to create an air bridge to get health workers and medical supplies into West Africa.
Fast food, a billion euros across Europe will be galvanized.
The first thing we're going to do is we're going to join in extending health care professionals.
We're going to continue to come to the Ebola epidemic when foreign workers began to fall sick.
There are 84 flights a week leaving these affected countries.
First time the Ebola virus is in the United States.
It's almost done to them contracted Ebola in Liberia before flying to Dallas, Texas.
He's flying on his exit floor so he could leave Liberia.
Why not just shut down the flights and secure the border?
The travel ban may make sense.
We should not be allowing these folks in.
As of today, one case came from Liberia.
One.
I'll be more.
Still riding in the car with this guy.
They say, let's close the borders.
Nobody from Africa will be allowed in.
They don't even know they're Western.
The Eastern South Africa is.
Nobody from Africa should be allowed in and close our airports.
I mean, that's a combination of ignorance and arrogance that could create ruination for our economic system, our financial system.
We're laying down the narrative of what could happen.
The worst case scenario is our entire economy collapse.
And who would want that to happen?
Who would be in a position to take advantage of that?
Now, I'm going to end this video here because it is two hours in.
I want to see if peer tube does it and there's about 50, 30 minutes left.
So I'll watch this either later tonight or I'll see what's in here and maybe just get some highlights out of it.
Thank you very much for joining me this afternoon for this throwback Wednesday.
I do want to make sure that I give a shout out to the Broken Science Initiative one more time.
This current slide here, this was a way back Wednesday.
We went back to a CNN movie from 2017.
We watched the first hour of it.
And I think it was a pretty good insight into how this potential, pandemic potential has been laid out as a narrative and slowly built in its potential from Ebola to Zika to SARS to Mares.
They ramped it up behind the scenes.
They ramped it up on TV.
They ramped it up on social media.
They ramped it up in bureaucracies.
They ramped it up with NGOs.
And this has been a building narrative that everybody has agreed has got to be true.
And that illusion of consensus has now been exponentially ramped up with regard to the response to this SARS-CoV-2 and COVID fiasco.
That's where we are.
That's what I really think is happening.
And I think we are starting to really shed light on it by realizing what models these people are giving us of the real world.
And then if you just use your imagination, use what you know, use the biology that we know to try and use that model to predict something, a measurement, an observation in the future.
You're going to find that most of the models that have been foisted on us are absolutely ridiculous and can't be verified with prediction.
And in fact, we saw that in this video.
People standing over complaining about how much of virus was down there and how the bird flu could kill 50% of everybody that gets infected.
And then they went down there with shorts and short sleeves and no masks on.
So what story are they telling themselves?
If the Ebola people that get infected get flown home to their home countries, how serious are they really taking this pathogen?
It's incongruency, ladies and gentlemen, and it shows that the model of infectious disease that they've been foisting on us, they don't even believe it themselves.
They're just so inept that they don't realize how their daily lives are just one big contradiction, but I think we can break that illusion.
I'm really excited about it.
The illusion of there being a badcave virus, you know, the illusion that there are petri dishes that we need to be afraid of.
Illusions that there are mouse colonies that are humanized and therefore super dangerous.
The molecular biologist like Ralph Barrett might stitch something together that could kill a billion people.
This is the worst case scenario. The illusion of consensus is about that and we cannot pass this mythology on to our children.
Thank you very much. I'll see you again tomorrow.
Thank you.